README.md, before:

# School District Analysis
Analyzing school district data

## Overview of the school district analysis: Explain the purpose of this 
analysis.

## Results: 
### How is the district summary affected?
#### Original District Summary
![Original District Summary](Resources/District_summary_old.png)
#### Updated District Summary
![New District Summary](Resources/District_summary_new.png)
#### Changes Catalogued
After removing the 9th grade testing results from Thomas High School, the passing
percentages for reading, math, and overall testing dropped by a small portion. 
Math dropped by 0.2%, reading by 0.3%, and overall testing dropped by 0.1%. 
### How is the school summary affected?
#### Original School Summary
![Original School Summary](Resources/original_school_summary.png)
#### Updated School Summary
![Updated School Summary](Resources/updated_school_summary.png)
### How does replacing the ninth graders’ math and reading scores affect 
Thomas High School’s performance relative to the other schools?
### How does replacing the ninth-grade scores affect the following:
- Math and reading scores by grade
- Scores by school spending
- Scores by school size
- Scores by school type

## Summary: 
Summarize four changes in the updated school district analysis after reading
and math scores for the ninth grade at Thomas High School have been replaced 
with NaNs.

Commit message:

avg math and read scores added

README.md, after:

# School District Analysis
Analyzing school district data

## Overview of the school district analysis: Explain the purpose of this 
analysis.

## Results: 
### How is the district summary affected?
#### Original District Summary
![Original District Summary](Resources/District_summary_old.png)
#### Updated District Summary
![New District Summary](Resources/District_summary_new.png)
#### Changes Catalogued
After removing the 9th grade testing results from Thomas High School, the passing
percentages for reading, math, and overall testing dropped by a small portion. 
Math dropped by 0.2%, reading by 0.3%, and overall testing dropped by 0.1%. 
### How is the school summary affected?
#### Original School Summary
![Original School Summary](Resources/original_school_summary.png)
#### Updated School Summary
![Updated School Summary](Resources/updated_school_summary.png)
#### Changes Catalogued
After removing the 9th grade testing results from Thomas High School, several
changes were noted. 
- The average math score dropped from 83.418349 to 83.350937,
 a change of -0.067412 points. 
- The average reading score increased from 83.848930 to 83.896082, 
a change of +0.047152 points. 
- The percentage of students passing math 
- The percentage of students passing reading
- THe percentrage of students passing overall	
### How does replacing the ninth graders’ math and reading scores affect 
Thomas High School’s performance relative to the other schools?
### How does replacing the ninth-grade scores affect the following:
- Math and reading scores by grade
- Scores by school spending
- Scores by school size
- Scores by school type

## Summary: 
Summarize four changes in the updated school district analysis after reading
and math scores for the ninth grade at Thomas High School have been replaced 
with NaNs.
